---
title: Stopover
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2008/07/stopover/
blogger_blog:
  - louishoughton.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Louis Houghtonhttp://www.blogger.com/profile/07807624508235128478noreply@blogger.com
blogger_permalink:
  - /2008/07/stopover.html
categories:
  - round the world
  - Travel
---
I&#8217;m currently sitting in Taiwan airport waiting for our flight to Hong Kong. It&#8217;s nice to know that we will only be sitting on the plane for an hour and a half. Before we went away Gill (Jordan&#8217;s mum) said &#8216;I wonder when it is that people stop being excited by air travel?&#8217; I think the answer to that could be &#8216;after having to do three fairly long flights in 24 hours.&#8217;

Anyway, we had a pleasent, albeit breif, stay in Taiwan. We got in late and were met at the airport by Tom ( a friend of Jordan&#8217;s mum). We decided to go for a quick drink in a bar before heading home with a rather large can of beer each. Today we just hung around Nan Kan which is a small town outside of Taipei. Sadly, we didn&#8217;t have the time to get into Taipei to see the 101 (the current tallest building in the world). After a rather hair raising taxi ride, we managed to get to the airport with time to spare.

I will hopefully post something after we have been in Hong Kong for a few days but I have no idea what the situation will be at the guesthouse &#8211; we will have to venture out and find an internet cafe.

Only two weeks until we get home and in a way I am looking forward to being back and seeing everyone again. I&#8217;m sure you&#8217;ll all scoff at me saying that all this travelling and sightseeing can be fairly tiring&#8230; although in my defense it is around 30-35 degrees round these parts.