---
title: Games
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2008/04/games/
blogger_blog:
  - louishoughton.blogspot.com
blogger_author:
  - Louis Houghtonhttp://www.blogger.com/profile/07807624508235128478noreply@blogger.com
blogger_permalink:
  - /2008/04/games.html
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
So by the time I finish writing this post, Grad Theft Auto IV will be on sale. This is probably the first time that I have been genuinely jealous of PS3/XBox 360 owners.  

<div>
</div>

<div>
  I have never really been one for putting the time and effort into games to complete them &#8211; most of the time I play it until I get stuck and then leave it for months with the optimistic idea that I will come back to it. The only games I have completed in the past few years would be New Super Mario Bros (DS), Star Fox Command (DS) and Half Life 2 (PC). Then why am I annoyed about not being able to play GTAIV? Because you don&#8217;t need to finish a GTA to still enjoy it. Admittedly, the reason I didn&#8217;t finish San Andreas was because my disk wouldn&#8217;t load past half way through the last mission but I still had hours of fun flying the planes and &#8216;9/11-ing it&#8217; (tasteful I know).
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  This, it would seem, would put me firmly in the newly coined casual gamer category that Nintendo has so successfully captured &#8211; but I&#8217;m not so sure. I enjoy my DS, I really loved Zelda on it (that one I put down and just never picked it up again. I&#8217;m sure I&#8217;ll find the time on one of my many long haul flights though), and I often lust after the idea of playing Mario Kart Wii and Super Mario Galaxy. The only problem I have found with Nintendo consoles post SNES is that the third party games tend to be really really awful. Anything made by <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shigeru_Miyamoto">Miyamoto</a> is going to amazing, that&#8217;s obvious, but what the hell is all this Catz, Hamsterz and bloody Pippa Funnell?! Girls want well designed games too.
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  So this leaves me with only one option. Buy a Wii for the less challenging games that you can pick up for an hour here and there and fork out a whole £300 for a PS3 for the odd big game that comes out. I know, I know, most people would recommend buying a 360 as they are cheaper and there are more games but to those people I would say &#8216;please go away and die&#8217;. Not only is the XBox noisy, unreliable and really, really ugly it also has possibly the worst controller ever created. Any controller that makes me&#8230; ME unable to play Street Fighter II is not worth using. I don&#8217;t care if it&#8217;s expensive or has no games, give me a Playstation 3 any day. Plus, I am already crying inside about not being able to play Wipeout HD and Gran Turismo 5 Prologue. 
</div>

<div>
</div>

<div>
  I really am a Sony Fanboy at heart.
</div>