---
title: Fat
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2010/07/fat/
categories:
  - Health
  - Personal
tags:
  - cycling
  - Health
  - Walking
  - weight-loss
---
So I think I&#8217;m at a bit of a junction in my life. On the one hand I could keep being lazy and eating badly and end up with a bit of weight and health issue in the near future or I can do something about it now.

I&#8217;m fairly realistic. I know that I&#8217;m not going to get a gym membership and go three times a week. I&#8217;m also not going to stop going to restaurants or having half a large Dominos pizza and lots of beer on Friday night.

This leaves me with slightly fewer options but I don&#8217;t think it means instant failure. Lifehacker posted <a title="Lifehacker" href="http://lifehacker.com/5582634/simple-ways-to-work-more-exercise-into-your-day" target="_blank">these tips</a> recently which aim to get a little more exercise into daily life. I personally like the idea of parking further away. Jordan already gets annoyed that I do this a lot at Tesco so I might as well start at work. There is a pretty huge car park at work too so it should actually add a fair bit of walking to my day.

Tonight Jordan and I went for a bike ride. We only went for five miles which isn&#8217;t really that far on a bike but at least it&#8217;s something. We have decided to do this a couple of times a week and hopefully we will actually keep this up if we&#8217;re both doing it. The only issue comes in winter when both of us be very reluctant to venture out into the cold and rain.

I also have a friend that wants someone to do weights with. I suppose this could be a good opportunity to actually gain some upper body strength &#8211; something I lack to a embarrassing level. It&#8217;s just that I find the idea of lifting heavy things for an hour or so incredibly boring.

This is my main problem. I don&#8217;t enjoy sports. It probably doesn&#8217;t help that neither do many of my friends. I&#8217;m sure if we got out and played something it might be quite fun but it&#8217;s difficult to rally everyone together. I enjoy walking but that doesn&#8217;t really burn that many calories. What I do enjoy is reading, watching films and fiddling about on the computer. All things I can do happily from my sofa.

I&#8217;m hoping that writing this down will commit me psychologically to doing a little more. I don&#8217;t want to be someone that complains about my weight and doesn&#8217;t do anything about it. I&#8217;ve done that for long enough. I know I&#8217;ll never be skinny. I enjoy beer far too much for that. I just don&#8217;t want to be so big it&#8217;s damaging my health. I do that enough with the booze