---
title: Catalyst
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2010/11/catalyst/
categories:
  - Geek
  - Programming
tags:
  - computers
  - Geek
  - perl
  - Programming
---
I&#8217;ve been a bit lax of late with updating this blog. I haven&#8217;t been completely slacking off though you&#8217;ll be glad to hear. I&#8217;ve been relatively busy with my newest Open University module that started in October. I&#8217;ve managed to read ahead of schedule and I&#8217;ve almost finished my first assignment that is due in on the 29th of this month so I thought I&#8217;d take a bit of time out from that and get back into the land of Perl.

Since finishing Intermediate Perl I&#8217;ve been looking for a good book to continue my learning. I bought <a href="http://www.amazon.co.uk/Effective-Perl-Programming-Idiomatic-Development/dp/0321496949/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1289413312&sr=8-1" target="_blank">Effective Perl</a> and read most of it but I decided fairly early on that it would work better as a reference. Just reading a whole book of tips, best practices and code snippets was, whilst useful, not giving me the opportunity to put what I was learning into practice.

After looking around I settled on <a href="http://www.amazon.co.uk/Definitive-Guide-Catalyst-Maintainable-Applications/dp/1430223650/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&qid=1289413535&sr=8-3" target="_blank">The Definitive Guide to Catalyst</a>. It&#8217;s relatively advanced compared to the stuff I have been doing but it&#8217;s set out in a way that walks you through building simple applications that you can extend with extra features as the book progresses. This is perfect for me because I find that not working in an environment where I can put my new found knowledge to use it can be difficult to know where to start. The book is also full of modern idioms and has a great introduction to <a href="http://moose.perl.org/" target="_blank">Moose</a>. It also focuses heavily on automated testing which is all very new to me.

My experience with web development has always been very basic. I&#8217;ve made a couple of websites for various projects over the years. They were all incredibly simple, flat pages that were built using Dreamweaver. Playing with Catalyst has given me a much clearer picture on what is happening behind the scenes of proper dynamic websites. It&#8217;s also interesting to see how the Perl I already know can be used in a new way to create these web apps. Although I need to brush up on my HTML and CSS skills to actually build a nice looking front end.