---
title: New job
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2011/01/new-job/
categories:
  - Personal
tags:
  - job
  - Personal
  - SQL
  - work
---
Around the middle of December the company I work for had a company wide meeting where we found out several sites were being closed and the site I work at in Bedford is under review. My department was apparently safe but we were to be relocated to the main office in London. Redundancy wasn&#8217;t specifically mentioned but it was very likely that with the closure of so many sites there wouldn&#8217;t be a need for so many database admins. As I had been in this situation before and had been made redundant as a result I thought I&#8217;d start looking for something new.

I applied for a few positions and managed to get an interview in January. I went to the interview and was offered the job there and then. I was happy but the position was based in Northampton which is a good 20-25 miles away and after driving to Bedford for a year I was hoping for something a little closer. Luckily another position came up in Milton Keynes which I applied for and subsequently got. I haven&#8217;t e-mailed the first company yet. I think I&#8217;ll do that Monday.

The position is relatively similar to my current role. I&#8217;ll be doing a lot of database work and manipulating data which I&#8217;m pretty good at. It also requires doing a bit of support and possibly visiting companies to implement software. The best part is that I might have to go over to the head office in Rotterdam to do some training. I&#8217;ve never been to the Netherlands and I&#8217;ve always been quite interested in going to Rotterdam so hurrah!

This time round job hunting has been a pretty positive experience. All of the previous times I&#8217;ve had to search for a job I&#8217;ve been close to madness. It doesn&#8217;t help that when I was first in Brighton I had no proper work experience and was fresh from university. I was also searching for a job in London in 2009 when the downturn had really taken hold. I was applying for jobs that already had 300-1000 applications. And then of course there was the months I was looking for a job in media&#8230; not fun.

I think it helps now that I have some marketable skills that are actually pretty desirable. I started my current role in a junior position but was promoted to database administrator. When you mix a pretty good grasp of Microsoft SQL Server with my own personal learning at the Open University and playing with programming at home, it actually makes a half decent candidate. This is great because job hunting has always been so soul destroying as it&#8217;s hard to properly prove or even communicate that you have the skills for your average office job. Good organisational or communication skills are far more abstract than a half decent knowledge of database theory and a years experience manipulating data.

The only downside to these experiences is that I just wish I had started all this 5 years ago. I know that hindsight is 20/20 but it just feels like I could have been so much further along if I had just started with this career instead of dabbling in media and everything else. Of course, it could be argued that those experiences put me in this position and maybe I wouldn&#8217;t be so passionate about where my career is going without those jobs.

Anyway, I&#8217;ll be starting on the 7th February. It&#8217;ll be strange starting a new job. I&#8217;ve managed to get pretty comfortable where I am and learning everything needed to do a new job is always daunting. It should be exciting though.

Plus&#8230; not leaving the house at 7AM is going to be heaven!