---
title: Books read in 2013
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2013/12/books-read-in-2013/
categories:
  - Personal
  - Reading
tags:
  - books
  - kindle
  - reading
---
I didn&#8217;t read nearly as many books this year as in previous years. This was mainly due to reading all of the remaining *A Song of Fire and Ice* books back to back. I also read all of the Douglas Adams Hitchhikers books that I hadn&#8217;t read.

Probably one of my favourite books of the year was Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka. It was very weird but very fun. I wasn&#8217;t too fussed with The Trial by him though. I also really enjoyed The Outsider by Albert Camus. As a huge Cure fan it&#8217;s surprising that it has taken me this long to read it.

An honorary mention for most disturbing book of the year goes to The Girl Next Door by Jack Ketchum. It wasn&#8217;t a very fun read at all. It was made worse by it being based on a true story.

  1. I Am Legend by Richard Matheson
  2. The Restaurant At The End Of The Universe by Dougas Adams
  3. Life, the Universe and Everything by Dougas Adams
  4. So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish by Dougas Adams
  5. Mostly Harmless by Dougas Adams
  6. Metamorphosis by Franz Kafka
  7. With a Little Help by Cory Doctorow
  8. Around the World in 80 Days by Jules Vern
  9. The Last Policeman by Ben H. Winters
 10. The Player of Games by Iain M. Banks
 11. The Trial by Franz Kafka
 12. A Clash of Kings by George R. R. Martin
 13. A Storm of Swords by George R. R. Martin
 14. A Feast for Crows by George R. R. Martin
 15. A Dance With Dragons by George R. R. Martin
 16. The Postman by David Brin
 17. The Girl Next Door by Jack Ketchum
 18. The Turn of the Screw by Henry James
 19. The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins
 20. The Outsider by Albert Camus
 21. The Strain by Guillermo Del Toro and Chuck Hogan