---
title: Books read in 2012
author: admin
layout: post
permalink: /2013/01/books-read-in-2012/
categories:
  - Personal
  - Reading
tags:
  - books
  - kindle
  - reading
---
This year&#8217;s reading achievement definitely has to be finishing all of Kurt Vonnegut&#8217;s novels. I had them all downloaded on my Kindle so whenever I finished a book and couldn&#8217;t think of what to ready next I would randomly choose a Vonnegut book and ready that. They also make a nice change after epics like Game of Thrones and Hyperion due to their short length and light heartedness.

The standout book of the year is probably Ready Player One. I didn&#8217;t really know what to expect beyond the geek and 80s references everyone talks about so the engaging story and likeable characters were a nice surprise.

Next year I want to start reading a bit more horror. I love horror movies but I&#8217;m not very knowledgeable on horror novels at all so I think I&#8217;ll try and change that. I&#8217;ve just finished The Rats so that&#8217;s a start.

  1. Slapstick (or Lonesome No More) by Kurt Vonnegut
  2. Batman Year One by Frank Miller
  3. Ready Player One by Ernest Cline
  4. Neuromancer by William Gibson
  5. God Bless You Mr Rosewater by Kurt Vonnegut
  6. Mass Effect Revelation by Drew Karpysyhn
  7. The Year of the Flood by Margaret Atwood
  8. Breakfast of Champions by Kurt Vonnegut
  9. Childhood&#8217;s End by Arthur C Clarke
 10. Foundation by Issac Asimov
 11. Catch-22 by Joseph Heller
 12. Galapagos by Kurt Vonnegut
 13. Fight Club by Chuck Palahniuk
 14. The Colour of Magic by Terry Pratchett
 15. A Game of Thrones by George RR Martin
 16. Deadeye Dick by Kurt Vonnegut
 17. Pale Blue Dot by Carl Sagan
 18.  M is for Magic by Neil Gaiman
 19. Jailbird by Kurt Vonnegut
 20. A Canticle for Leibowitz by Walter M. Miller
 21. Hocus Pocus by Kurt Vonnegut
 22. The Fall of Hyperion by Dan Simmons
 23. Death by Black Hole by Neil Degrasse Tyson
 24. Bluebeard by Kurt Vonnegut
 25. The Drowned World by J.G. Ballard
 26. Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck
 27. The Hammer of God by Arthur C. Clarke
 28. The Rats by James Herbert